Add missing punctuation marks in the U9 release note (#8911)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.9.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

utils.bal
 ```ballerina

> // Previously resulted in the compile-time error `redeclared symbol 'ns'`, now works as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Previously resulted in a `redeclared symbol` compile-time error, now works as expected.
```
